Study session 1:
- Study the course
- Create the journey
- Recruit

Study session 2:
- Finish proj 2
- Start planning out Project or start project 3

---
### Journal

Today I feel pretty empty. It's not depressive apathy, just emptiness. I feel emotions, music helps with that, but it's like my regular life doesn't bring any emotions. 

Maybe because of that, or not, I also feel super lost with all those conflicting feeling and thoughts I'm having. Feels like too much.

Vova is making me upset with his worldviews, even though he's my friend and I should stick my nose into his ideas uninvited. 

Yesterday I've found someone to look up to in terms of kindness, nonjudgment and seemingly peacefulness. It makes me super hopeful, that I can actually become like him, but I also feel upset...

Knowing for sure that I **could** go so far, I feel like I'm not good enough. Before I liked to think that even though the world is a scary, angry and dark place, I can at least try to be one of it's lights.

But now seeing what a real "light" looks like, I have no justification for myself still being upset, angry and judgemental at people. Yes, the world is tough, but then there's this guy, unbothered by it at all. So maybe it ain't that hard after all. Maybe all the negativity really is that flat and ephemeral that one can just not notice it? But then how come I pay so much attention to it? How come every time I say something I feel other people judging me, every time I make something good - I'm only doing it inspire of the bad? And how come he seemingly just doesn't have the weight of all the bad stuff in the world on his shoulders. 

Maybe he does, and it's just me seeing it like this. But I don't even want to think about that, because it's the same thing again - me trying to devalue other people to fit my mark. And I call myself a kind person afterwards.

Talking with Dima, I've noticed that I actually am supportive, even though I have my flaws.

Also I've noticed that they're similar to Vova and Egor in terms of focusing or work instead of people. He is much more oriented towards people, though. He does care about them, just that he cares about doing stuff too.

---
I'm feeling proud, conflicted, hopeful. I was feeling down the whole day, but even so I was able to enjoy myself. Further more I was able to study for 6hrs, which is a lot and definitely improved my discipline. I still feel conflicted about Vova and about Makar, but I feel that I'm going to find a resolution soon.