#journaling 

Hey, today was a looking day.

I woke up feeling relaxed even after this scary, but grandiose and important (grotesque sounds good but only with the explanation) weed trip that I had yesterday. It was really scary, but also taught me something. 

Also overall I've been feeling really upset, restless and unmotivated lately. It makes total sense considering that I overate, didn't sleep well, didn't see the sun, etc. So I'm starting getting back on track and I'm doing it today.

Besides spending the day still feeling thx in my system, I talked to my parents, but haven't really discussed anything important with them. 

The. I went to Egor to get my midi keyboard. And we ended up walking and talking for a while. He got me thinking about the way I've been feeling lately and I came to a realization that a serious part of this issue is me being hung up on many different things without ever processing them. Like the me's from every episode of every show I've watched lately (I was sick and I have Netflix, so there was a lot), me's from every situation I've been in and so on.

Soon, I've started literally talking to each of them one at a time.
### Egor 

He said an important thing about life being a continuous process without any necessary goal. More like the process is the goal and the only thing that defines the path is direction. So there isn't good or bad, just directions, that only matter in terms of you liking them. -> [[There's no good or bad]]

### Anxious me

I've been afraid of not having enough money to pay the bills. Of course in reality my parents are always ready to help and it's absolutely fine of me to ask them for help. Of course I can upset them, but also the important thing is that I didn't do anything bad. I didn't spend this money on alcohol, smoking or even entertainment. Also if they get upset for me not managing my budgets - I guess they're right. I should apologise for making them feel upset, but also, to myself, understand that I'm 20 and I'm just learning all this, so it's fine.

I've been worried about not meeting the deadlines, but I forget that nothing's going to happen if I don't finish all the projects by end of the year. Sure I really wanted to, but I also have A LOT of other thing to take care of, besides I'm still going good and I have literally a year to get a job. And even if somehow I don't, I can always go work anywhere else. It's no problem at all. 

I think that's enough for now, but I definitely think I should do it more, and more often.

Goodnight and sweet dreams!