Today was lazy but also pretty beneficial.
I've had my first session with a psychologist.

So I woke up late and spent even more time before getting out of bed, which felt really good. Then I ate some breakfast, washed myself.

I did some work and studying, but barely enough. 

Then there was the counselling. It was interesting. I have learned about the framework this phycologist uses: inner child, inner parent, inner adult. We've also touched on a couple of problematic moments: problems with self image and my bad experiences with my parents fighting when I was around 12. I also got really tire afterwards.

I had a break, talked to my parents and told them that. They weren't reacting in any bad way and I feel that our bond is getting stronger and I love it. Also I think they're a bit less skeptical about psychologists now :)

Then I chose to be lazy, listened to a podcast, relaxed, enjoyed myself.

I chose to buy some food, but then just resolved to cook for tomorrow. Thus I made ribs - amaaaaaziiing (even though I just tried them). Also they're so easy to make. Also I tried to boil coconut meat and that brought it's results. I got coconut water-ish drink and it did get softer but it's still very chewy and not as soft as I thought it would be. But now I'm thinking of using it to make white chocolate coconut sweets - cover small pieces of coconut meat with the chocolate. We'll see how that goes. 

Now I'm going to sleep and mentally getting ready for going back to productivity tomorrow. But hey, every time I get back to it I get better at getting back to it.